add <prometheus> in server settings and monitoring section (#10015)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/server_settings/settings.md

<path>/var/lib/clickhouse/</path>
```

## prometheus {#server_settings-prometheus}

> Expose metrics data for scraping from [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposing metrics data for scraping from [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io).
```

Settings:

> -   endpoint – HTTP endpoint for scraping metrics by prometheus server. Begin from '/'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `endpoint` – HTTP endpoint for scraping metrics by prometheus server. Start from '/'. 
```

> -   port – The listen port for prometheus HTTP endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `port` – The listen port for `endpoint`.
```

-   metrics – Expose current metrics values from the [system.metrics](../system_tables.md#system_tables-metrics) table.

> -   events – Expose current metrics values from the [system.events](../system_tables.md#system_tables-events) table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `events` – Flag that sets to expose metrics from the [system.events](../system_tables.md#system_tables-events) table.
```

> -   asynchronous\_metrics – Expose current metrics values from the [system.asynchronous\_metrics](../system_tables.md#system_tables-asynchronous_metrics) table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `asynchronous_metrics` – Flag that sets to expose current metrics values from the [system.asynchronous\_metrics](../system_tables.md#system_tables-asynchronous_metrics) table.
```
